Y
we are on skype in addition to the silver for
enjoy the independent straight 2014
Hi, I'm Ezequiel Martín. We are in the
biology team in the city sea of
silver and today there's going to be a raised restaurant
the colon was next to santa cruz
independent and all brands that
distributed in a dress consists of
do what is considered the best
test changing lopez more advice
freshness title luck also how
do this championship is to say the test
point 0
the streak is like playing a
little bit more with the creativity of doing
a very difficult test
lario mattarolo and matías del olio are
those who did the two best tricks
of the competition
well that makes a strong
make yourself wait a little while to put
this fact in the last minutes what
it says and well then it's fine no
boy takes out local and left street 360
to the ground
well, we share the prize among
two
tomás